---
date: '2025-07-10T20:09:56-05:00'
draft: false
title: 'About Us'
---

<!-- #### Our Lead Pastor:
# Donnie Meeks

On January 8th, 2025, Shepherds Hill Lane Baptist Church welcomed Donnie as the Lead Pastor.

At the age of 5, sitting in the living room with his parents David and Linda Meeks in Garland, Texas, Donnie gave his heart and life to Jesus Christ. The next 8 years of life were marked by growth in discipleship, and at age 13 God called him into Christian ministry. Donnie began preaching and sharing the gospel soon after.  While attending the Criswell College in Dallas, he focused his studies on God’s word and began working with teenagers before graduating with a Bachelor of Art in Biblical Studies in 1995.Donnie and Stephanie grew up together in the First Baptist Church of Sachse and were married in May of 2000. They have 6 awesome children: Alexandria, Ashlee, Micah, Miller, Avery and Jeremy. Their story of faith has welcomed them the privilege of proclaiming Jesus in this area for over 25 years together.  They have served as youth and worship ministers and have been able to lead many young people to Christ over their time in the Lord’s work.  Donnie became a licensed minister in 1993 under his father’s leadership at the FBC of Anna, Texas.  He has served in associate pastoral positions that have challenged and shaped him significantly.  Most recently, serving as the Associate Pastor here at Shepherds Hill Lane Baptist, he was ordained into the ministry in 2023. Serving the church in these positions has given Donnie a unique perspective into God’s heart for shepherding his church.Donnie received his master’s degree in educational leadership from Dallas Baptist University in 2010. Donnie desires to use the gifts of teaching, leadership, and faith to equip and inspire the church to love God and love others. He believes that now is a critical time in which we must make and mature disciples of Jesus who will change the world. -->

<hr>
<h1 style="text-align:center;">What We Believe</h1>
<h4 style="text-align:center;"><b>"What comes into our minds when we think about God is the most important thing about us." - A.W. Tozer</b></h4>
 We believe the message of the Bible is a story to be told. We have written our beliefs with this in mind. Our beliefs tell the story of God’s great love for us. “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him will not perish, but have eternal life.” Our prayer is that your story will be transformed by God’s story!
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>TRUTH</b></h2>
<h4 style="text-align:center"><b>JESUS IS THE TRUTH, AND THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE.</b></h4>
 All truth is in God and revealed by God. God has revealed the truth about himself through Creation, Christ, the Holy Spirit and the Bible. To know truth is to know God and his son Jesus Christ. It is only through the knowledge of truth that a person can find true and lasting freedom. The truth of Jesus Christ and his redemptive work is clearly revealed in the Bible. The Bible is the inspired Word of God. Since God is the author of the Bible, it is a perfect revelation of his truth to mankind. The Bible is no ordinary book. It’s message of truth has divine power to bring life and hope to all who receive it. (John 1:14, 8:31-32, 14:6, 16:13, 17:17)
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>GOD</b></h2>
<h4 style="text-align:center"><b>GOD IS GREAT, GOOD, AND WORTHY OF ALL GLORY.</b></h4>
God is ever-existing as one God in three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. He is all-perfect, all-pure, and all-powerful. God is creator of all things, ruler of all things, and judge of all things. God is love. God the Father is good, gracious, and merciful. Jesus, the Son of God, fully-God and fully-man, came from heaven to earth to bring God’s kingdom and salvation by living, dying, and rising from the dead according to the will of God. The Holy Spirit gives witness to Jesus, convicts of sin, converts the sinner, fills the believer, guides in all truth, helps in all circumstances, and empowers for service and witness. (Genesis 1:1, 1 John 4:16, Romans 11:36, John 1:1, Revelation 1:8, Exodus 34:5-7)
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>MAN</b></h2>
EVERY PERSON IS MADE BY GOD AND MADE TO KNOW GOD.</b></h4>
Mankind is the supreme creation of God. He created male and female in his image and likeness for His glory and their good. Humanity rejected the perfect will of God and sinned, resulting in spiritual separation from God, physical death, broken lives and a broken world. The sin nature was inherited from human to human for all generations since. All people are born in sin, live in sin, and would die in sin apart from the grace of God. The wages of sin is death which means eternal separation from God in a place called hell. All mankind live in a state of darkness, lostness, and brokenness, which they are powerless to change. (Romans 3:23, 6:23, Psalm 51:5, Ephesians 2:1-3, 5:8, Ecclesiastes 7:20, Eze. 16:6)
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>SALVATION</b></h2>
THE GOOD NEWS FOR EVERYONE, EVERYWHERE, IS THAT JESUS SAVES.</b></h4>
The good news is that God loves mankind. The Heavenly Father, knowing man’s sinful and helpless state, extended his grace by sending Jesus on a mission to save people. Jesus accomplished salvation for the world by living a sinless life, being sacrificed in death for man’s sin, and raising from the dead. For this reason, salvation only comes through faith in Jesus. In order for a person to be saved they must repent of sin, believe in Jesus as Savior, and acknowledge him as Lord. Man cannot earn salvation, it is a gift from God, bought by Christ, and offered to all. Salvation results in the forgiveness of sin, the indwelling of God, escape from eternal judgment and hell, and acceptance into eternal life and heaven.(Ephesians 2:4-8, Romans 5:8, 10:9-10,13, Acts 4:12, 16:31, 2 Timothy 1:9, Psalm 62:1, Acts 2:21, John 3:16)
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>CHURCH</b></h2>
THE CHURCH EXISTS TO WORSHIP GOD, KNOW GOD, AND MAKE HIM KNOWN.</b></h4>
The Church belongs to Jesus, and Jesus builds his Church. The Church is a community of believers in Jesus that follows the teachings of the Bible, worships in Spirit and truth, and proclaims the good news that Jesus saves sinners. Jesus entrusted the Church with the task of taking the gospel message to all people in all nations until his return. Disciples of Jesus seek to obey his commands by making disciples who make disciples. Church leadership is made up of Holy Spirit filled Pastors who lead, feed, and care for the congregation according to the Bible. Deacons, likewise, are Holy Spirit filled believers who serve the needs of the congregation. The Church observes Baptism and Communion in accordance with Jesus’ example and command.(Romans 12:4-5, Acts 2:46-47, Matthew 16:18, 28:19-20, Ephesians 3:20-21)
<h2 style="text-align:center"><b>KINGDOM</b></h2>
JESUS IS KING AND ALL WHO KNOW HIM WILL LIVE IN HIS KINGDOM.</b></h4>
Access to the Kingdom of God comes only through salvation in Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Once born again in Jesus, the believer enters and remains a citizen of God’s Kingdom. Jesus taught us to pray, asking that his Kingdom come on earth as it is in heaven. One day he will return to earth again to bring his Kingdom in all its fullness. At that time all believers from all generations will live forever in his Kingdom, which the Bible calls the New Heaven and the New Earth. The Bible says that prior to Jesus’ second coming, certain events will and must occur. These events will be signs of the end of the age. These signs will forecast the return of Christ. The purpose of Jesus’ second coming is to execute judgment on the earth and gather his church to heaven.(Matthew 5:10, 6:33, 18:3, 19:23-24, 25:31-34, Luke 8:10, 18:29-30, John 3:3)
